"They could hear each other's distressed breathing now, which showed them that the more terrible sound had passed.,fear
"Bill Jukes dead! cried the startled pirates.",sadness
"Captain, mercy! Starkey whimpered, all of a tremble now.",fear
"To the pirates it was a voice crying that all the boys lay slain in the cabin; and they were panic-stricken.",fear
"In that frightful moment I think his fierce heart broke.",fear
"She praised them equally, and shuddered delightfully when Michael showed her the place where he had killed one",joy
"They dared not express their wishes to him even in a round robin.",fear
"They have been planning it out on the ship: mother's rapture, father's shout of joy",joy
"Nana's leap through the air to embrace them first, when what they ought to be prepared for is a good hiding.",love
"And there never was a more humble man than the once proud George Darling, as he sat in the kennel of an evening talking with his wife of their children and all their pretty ways.",love
"Outside, the crowd who had accompanied the cab home were still cheering",joy
"For some time he sat with his head out of the kennel, talking with Mrs. Darling of this success, and pressing her hand reassuringly when she said she hoped his head would not be turned by it.",love
"Won't you play me to sleep, he asked, on the nursery piano? and as she was crossing to the day-nursery he added thoughtlessly",love
"He peeped in again to see why the music had stopped, and now he saw that Mrs. Darling had laid her head on the box, and that two tears were sitting on her eyes.",sadness
"That's Michael, she said, and she stretched out her arms for the three little selfish children they would never envelop again.",love
"Mr. Darling woke to share her bliss, and Nana came rushing in.",joy
"Then he burst into tears, and the truth came out.",sadness
"He went off dancing through the house, and they all cried Hoop la! and danced after him",joy
"I should love you in a beard; and Mrs. Darling stretched out her arms to him, but he repulsed her.",love
"How lovely, cried Wendy so longingly that Mrs. Darling tightened her grip.",love
"Of course Peter promised; and then he flew away. He took Mrs. Darling's kiss with him.",love
"He was exactly as fascinating as ever, and they had a lovely spring cleaning in the little house on the tree tops.",joy